docs(framework): Add React for IaC supplement (#60)
openfabr/cdf: docs/introduction/what-is-cdf.md

# What is CDF

OpenFABR CDF aims to offer a brand new way of building cloud infrastructure, based on our view that the future of DevOps is **MODULAR + CUSTOM**.

![CDF: MODULAR + CUSTOM](../assets/cdf-module_custom.png)

> We envisage a future where application developers (in product engineering) and DevOps engineers (in platform engineering) collaborate by code in a true Infrastructure-as-Code manner. There are various IaC runtime, imperative language supports and existing software delivery infrastructure such as code and artefact repositories. OpenFABR CDF is the missing piece that makes it happen.

Reviewer: Not sure what this is saying. 
>There are various IaC runtime, imperative language supports and existing software delivery infrastructure such as code and artefact repositories.

Reviewer: This diagram ? 
<img width="572" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/51779/213171158-40dc8780-6715-4512-ac61-ff5c772027a0.png">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We envisage a future where application developers (in product engineering) and DevOps/Cloud engineers (in platform engineering) collaborate by code in a true Infrastructure-as-Code manner. OpenFABR CDF is the missing piece, the glue, that brings the entire tool chain together from IaC runtimes like CDK, to imperative languages like TypeScript, testing frameworks like Jest, and artefact repositories like NPM.
```

Reviewer: how does that^ sound?

## CUSTOM: Project-specific Code Blocks

Abstraction (via packages mentioned above) is hard, and almost impossible to work without an escape hatch, because every infra project could have its own quirks, e.g. special permissions, external dependencies, or even different domain names. OpenFABR CDF fully acknowledges it by offering an inversion-of-control based custom code block feature for application developers to access all underlying cloud resources fully, for customisation.  

Read more [here](./why-custom.md).

## The Framework

For application developers, OpenFABR CDF is the framework that pieces together a cloud infra package with local custom code to deliver a cloud infra project extremely quickly. 

- From 0 to 95%: With the help of a selected package, an infra baseline can be assembled using a simple, schema-aware JSON configuration file. This can be done in *minutes* or *hours*, instead of days or weeks.
- From 95% to 100%: Every project is different, the framework allows detailed customisation to every underlying infra resources being created by the modular approach earlier. This can be done in *hours* or *days*, certainly not *weeks*.

> For DevOps/Cloud/Platform engineers, adopting OpenFABR CDF means following a separation-of-concern approach by implementing modular, reusable packages from day one.

Reviewer: maybe mentioning something like "contract between you and product engineers" would resonate here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For DevOps/Cloud/Platform engineers, adopting OpenFABR CDF means following a separation-of-concern approach by implementing modular, reusable packages from day one. It enables producing a clean contract with product engineers precisely defining what infrastructure is available and how to use it. 
```

> Best of all, OpenFABR CDF does not have any opinions about what IaC runtime (AWS CDK and Terraform CDK; Pulumi and others coming soon) and language (Typescript; Python, Java, C# and Golang coming soon) one should use. It allows engineering organisations to pick their favourite runtime and language. It forms the foundation of an internal cloud platform and leaves the opinions about how to implement cloud infrastructure to package authors and application developers.

Reviewer: shall we just say Pulumi is here.
